2.5 changelog, release notes, and upgrade guide (#5819)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/upgrading/_index.md

* `query_ingesters_within` under the `querier` config now defaults to `3h`, previously it was `0s`. Any query (or subquery) that has an end time more than `3h` ago will not be sent to the ingesters, this saves work on the ingesters for data they normally don't contain. If you regularly write old data to Loki you may need to return this value to `0s` to always query ingesters. 
* `max_concurrent` under the `querier` config now defaults to `10` instead of `20`.
* `match_max_concurrent` under the `frontend_worker` config now defaults to true, this supersedes the `parallelism` setting which can now be removed from your config. Controlling query parallelism of a single process can now be done with the `querier` `max_concurrent` setting.

> * `flush_op_timeout` under the `ingester` config now defaults to `10m` increased from `10s`, this can help when replaying a large WAL on Loki startup and avoid `msg="failed to flush user" ... context deadline exceeded` errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `flush_op_timeout` under the `ingester` configuration block now defaults to `10m`, increased from `10s`. This can help when replaying a large WAL on Loki startup, and avoid `msg="failed to flush user" ... context deadline exceeded` errors.
```
